the last menu customization items that
we'll deal with now our data boxes so
we'll look here at an operating screen
to be able to identify where the data
boxes are what is fixed and what can be
customized simply by pressing my data
key on the front panel I can enable or
disable my data boxes in this case I
have a fixed data box in the upper right
hand corner of the screen this will
remain constant as long as data boxes
are selected to be on screen in the
lower margin of the screen here you can
see that I have three data boxes are
very intense these are highly
customizable and we'll look at some of
those options don't mind that there's
also a birthday box available it's
referred to as the go-to data box the
don'ts and data box will only appear on
screen when a go to Waypoint is enabled
the go-to data box shows any combination
of information about that go to
wavelength that the user wishes to see
so now let's take a look at how we
manipulate and customize some of these
data boxes in what have you gained
customized in my data boxes I'm now
transitioning from the system which is
where I was before to the data box right
in this case has simply take my rotor
feet rotate it to the left to select it
Bing - box menu a symbol press will
access the general tab and note that for
gain boxes there's only a single tab you
now exit not for an operating screen to
give you an idea of what data boxes can
look like and the combination of some of
the information the easiest way in this
case for me to exit the menu is to
simply turn the roto key by the way to
the right
I'll write my eggs at menu button and
press that and you see that I return to
an operating screen
the descriptions are in the menu to best
customize these boxes they match the one
on the far left is selected as single
numbers that is showing enough pieces of
information that that information slope
for dwelled through in through separate
pieces of information data backs to is
selected as a split data box this
generates a snare number that gives us
the ability to use more information in
each data box in box 3 in this case you
can see course over ground you're
selected as a single non dwelling point
on rolling bit above the go-to data box
data form can also be selected as single
or split I'll show you now a brief
example of how the go-to or data box
full appears on screen we've already
shown how easy it is to navigate using
the FN 3d I'm simply going to select my
cursor select any point on screen and
match might go to go
thanks for pretty automatically go to
waveform and not only does the Waypoint
appear that you'll see the data box
appear in the lower right hand of the
screen I'll take my cursor select a
point on screen and simply hit go to as
soon as that happens in the lower corner
you see data box for automatically with
the combination of information that I
want to see we've seen how simple it is
to access our menus simply by hitting
the Menu key and then using the roto key
to access a particular screen or a
particular tab one of the great
advantages of the design of the Navman
3d system is our ability to customize
much of the data we see on the screen
from the screen itself in this case I'm
simply going to use my cursor move the
cursor into a database and see what
happens
as I bring my cursor can see the data
box on the right the data box 3 here
will see the color of the data box to go
from a simple braid to a highlighted
blue a right click of the mouse brings
up all of the attributes that I can add
or subtract from my data box in this
case this is a fixed data banks showing
course over ground if I want as an
example to change that from course over
ground the speed over ground
I simply deselect course over ground
select speed over ground and the number
of years now that we've shown how easy
it is to choose particular pieces of
information in the data box from the
operation screen will show you what some
of the menus look like now those menus
can be accessed from the menu button
they can also be accessed on screen from
the customize function within the data
box itself in this case I'll do the same
action that I did before I will
right-click inside my data box which
brings up the list of attributes I can
format at the bottom of this list is a
customize function as soon as I engage
the customization function it will
automatically put me into the
appropriate menu for that data box and
from this menu I can begin to select or
deselect those items that I want to see
now that I've entered my specific menu
for this data box this is where I can
select some of the higher features or
advanced features of that data box for
example this is where I can change from
a single to a split data box and I can
also change the data that's represented
in that data bar from the updated menu
here I also have the ability to change
the spoil time at the bottom of the
screen so those data boxes for which a
split of data is selected or showing a
number of pieces of data in a single
data box I can increase or decrease the
dwell time for that
roll if I want to see that information
on screen longer we're sorted at this
money I can reset my trip lab from this
menu and change my true wind reference
the data Brett's display can manually be
engaged or disengaged
I hope this menu summer it has been
helpful I'm gonna appreciate your
attention we've made math net 3d easy to
use and we don't have to touch the menus
all that often but by spending some time
in these menus and customizing those
features that you want to see here we
can ensure that the newsroom sees all
the information that's important to them
perhaps more importantly doesn't have to
see what they don't want to thanks again
back to you thanks Beth this video
explains just how easy it is for you to
go in and customize your own Abnett 3d
display to be custom to your preferences
you should be able to go into the menu
system now with confidence and be able
to change those user presets to be the
presets that you wanted to be
you